Office politics.
Don't ever talk behind somebody's back at work and even at home.
Don't, you know, speak with your spouse or
family members about how much you can't stand somebody.
Don't do that because it will ruin,
it will ruin your attitude.
You'll start getting very negative and you'll be less productive as a result.
And plus it's bad karma as well.
So, don't ever say something negative about anybody you work with ever.
It's just not worth it, not worth it at all.
And also when it comes to office politics when you first start
working in a company kind of observe
how the culture works for the first couple of months or so
before doing anything too daring, so to speak.
Every culture is different. Every company has a different way of getting stuff done.
And you want to make sure that you establish
very close relationships with people in different departments.
You want to have mentors everywhere.
You want to mentor a lot of people as well and the assistants are incredibly
important because they understand how to get stuff done.
Don't overlook them. Don't overlook them at all.
And the last thing I'll say about politics and I hate saying this.
I'm a small company guy but when you first start a new company,
at a new company, if you're younger especially, face time matters.
I hate that, but it does. You want to be the first in and last out,
FILO, first in last out.
Anyway, that's a little bit on office politics.